Add ASB setting details for AutoDeleteOnIdle (#7782)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/azure-service-bus/configuration_entity-settings_asbs_[5,).partial.md

### Settings

* `EntityMaximumSize`: The maximum entity size in GB. The value must correspond to a valid value for the namespace type. Defaults to 5. See [the Microsoft documentation on quotas and limits](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-quotas) for valid values.
* `EnablePartitioning`: Partitioned entities offer higher availability, reliability, and throughput over conventional non-partitioned queues and topics. For more information about partitioned entities [see the Microsoft documentation on partitioned messaging entities](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-partitioning).

> * `AutoDeleteOnIdle`: This property controls the [AutoDeleteOnIdle](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/advanced-features-overview#autodelete-on-idle) setting for instance-specific input queues (such when using [`MakeInstanceUniquelyAddressable`](/nservicebus/messaging/routing.md#make-instance-uniquely-addressable)) created by the transport. The value represents the maximum time period that a queue can remain [idle](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/message-expiration#idleness) before Azure Service Bus automatically deletes it. Defaults to `TimeSpan.MaxValue` in Azure Service Bus if this setting is not set within the transport. Minimum allowed value is 5 minutes. The transport will not apply this setting to topics or subscriptions as these are considered shared infrastructure (along with shared queues such as error and audit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AutoDeleteOnIdle`: A `TimeSpan` representing the [AutoDeleteOnIdle](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/advanced-features-overview#autodelete-on-idle) setting for instance-specific input queues (such when using [`MakeInstanceUniquelyAddressable`](/nservicebus/messaging/routing.md#make-instance-uniquely-addressable)) created by the transport. This value is the maximum time period that a queue can remain [idle](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/message-expiration#idleness) before Azure Service Bus automatically deletes it. Defaults to `TimeSpan.MaxValue` in Azure Service Bus if this setting is not specified within the transport. The minimum allowed value is 5 minutes. The transport will not apply this setting to topics or subscriptions as these are considered shared infrastructure (along with shared queues such as error and audit).
```
